>> Brian Holt: Now we have this array that
we can be confident going forward this
represents the state of
the world in terms of
the pets that we have inside of our API,
right.
Now what's cool about this is now we can
always depend that there's going to be
an array of pets.
That array of pets might be empty, right,
but we know that it's always going to be,
at any given time,
that represents what pets we have.
This is another powerful
paradigm of React,
that rather than trying to think about
things as they evolve over time,
I get to think about things
in terms of snapshots, right.
Given this state,
this React component will look like this.
Given an empty array,
it's going to look like this.
Given an array full of pets,
it looks like this.
And so it's just always a snapshot
given some sort of pets, right.
Your components become a function
of state, which is powerful.
>> Brian Holt: I don't have to care
really how it evolves over time.
>> Brian Holt: So,
>> Brian Holt: Just to show you kind of
what this looks like first, I'm just gonna
show you kinda like a little cool hack
that Ryan Florence taught me how to do.
>> Brian Holt: So
I have pre which is preformatted, and
code which is format this like code.
And then here I can say,
JSON.stringify(this.state, null, 4.
This is just going to dump all all
of your state out into your dump,
so you can actually see
what it looks like.
So if I go over here and refresh, this
is probably super hard for you to see.
But you can see here all of
the stuff that's coming back
from the API is just being dumped out.
>> Brian Holt: Right,
you can see German Shepherd Dog,
right, so that's pretty cool too.
That's a really just quick and cheap way
of visualizing all your state over time.
>> Speaker 2: Is the four parameter,
how many-
>> Brian Holt: Indents, yep.